so shame means that there's something
wrong with you cuz there is yeah yeah so
tell me tell me what's wrong with
you um well I guess the story right now
is like I don't care about the story I
want to know what the [__] is wrong with
you what is wrong with
you when my daughter was younger she
went through one of those phases where
there's a monster under the bed and we
learned that the monsters just want hugs
and in this coaching session you're
going to see what that means when you
translate it into adulthood this session
was recorded during one of our live q&as
where people can raise a hand and be
coached by me I hope you get a lot out
of
it I just noticed I have like a lot of
nerves coming up
um I have a lot of Shame around
money and um
and shame around shame around having too
much of it or not enough of
it or
both
[Laughter]
both I I love thank you let let's just
let's just do it close your eyes for a
minute feel the shame feel the shame
that you have around money too much of
it not enough of it the whole
thing tell me when you've got it in your
body yeah okay and I don't want you to
think for a moment like I just want you
to tell me the first time you felt this
shame even if it had nothing to do with
money just let the shame take you back
to the history of yeah you've got it
already what is it what's that memory
that that shame comes
from I mean shame is like has been so
present with me for my whole life and it
shows up in so many different
ways yeah so shame means that there's
something wrong with you because there
is yeah yeah so tell me tell me what's
wrong with you
um well I guess the story right now is
like I don't care about the story I want
to know what the [__] is wrong with you
what is
WR I mean when when you ask you know
when I feel into it it's
like I nothing's wrong with me you know
I yeah nothing's wrong with me yeah so
when you feel into it nothing's wrong
with you when I like feel into the truth
of it nothing's wrong with me yeah but
when you think about
it yeah when I think about it I mean I
could write a [__] book on it right
exactly just do me another
favor what's wrong with
money well don't think about it you're
thinking about it yeah
feel feel into money when you feel into
money what's wrong with
it well the first thing that popped in
my head was like that I haven't been
able to make
it you're totally able to make it I I
can't buy that for a second you might
not want to you might not want to you
might not have to but you totally can
are you kidding me what I can but in the
way that I want you know like I I feel
like my in 2020 um I don't need story I
I don't need this story yeah so so
how okay just to see
if uh I know I can get it but I can't
get it in the way that I want also kind
of like I know I can get it but I can't
get it if I'm being authentic and being
myself is that what is that what we're
talking about or what are we talking
like how would you
yeah no I I Pro like I mean feeling into
it like the second second one I I well
okay I want to like tell you just a
quick story but okay quick go my I I
shift careers and in the first career I
like everything was so easy and it came
very easily and now doing something that
I love has been really and I love the
other thing too but haven't been able to
create wealth with
it yeah yeah and I have like money from
my grandmother that I started to tap
into for the first time in my life and
it I have a lot of Shame around
that because that's wrong that's what
she she let she gave you money to not
use to find your happiness your
grandmother she was a [__] what a [__]
there was a whole bunch of money but
whatever ever you do don't use it to
find your
happiness oh my
[Laughter]
God so how much of this is a reflection
of you not getting the love you wanted
as a kid when you were being authentic
you knew how to get the love if you
performed but if you just did the thing
that actually was true to your heart you
wouldn't get the love that you wanted
how much of this money thing is
that you know what's funny is I was a
comedian and then I stopped being a
comedian oh I just imagine how much you
got rewarded sitting around the table
making your parents laugh I can't even
imagine yeah yeah totally
totally and what is it that you wanted
and what is it that you want do now a CO
and now I'm
[Laughter]
a but yeah like I
got like I felt like that was the only
time I could connect with them yeah yeah
that's
right and how much how much the coaching
is actually just you still trying to
save your
parents probably save like try to figure
out how to connect with them yeah
yeah
yeah that's what's getting in the way of
you making money coaching
so do I kill my
parents you're probably a very good
comedian
[Laughter]
though what but I I feel like I've tried
everything so so there's something wrong
with you and that's why you can't
connect right as a kid if you can't
connect with your parents you have to
assume there's something wrong with you
yeah you're just reliving that
pattern now you're reliving it in
coaching there must be something wrong
with me because I can't connect but the
root of it is that there's something
wrong with you and you can't even figure
out what it
is like you can think about what it is
but you can't actually like your whole
body can't figure out what's wrong with
you I'm trying to like because I feel
like I've worked through so much shame
even the
trying assumes that there's something
wrong with you or I have worked through
so much shame like just felt it released
it like even this
justification yeah is is part of your
belief that there's something wrong with
you I guess
like and the only thing that comes up is
just like well I'm sure other things
would come up but is
like I I haven't been able to figure out
like
do figure out what like figure out how
to do life in it's like new chapter
but you're saying it's way
like I guess I'm trying to like feel
into
that feel into what feel
like the the the because it clearly is
still there because it does come up and
it expresses
itself yeah so what what do I do with it
what what's wrong with you
what happens to your shame just in that
question you just ask the question and
the shame just
dissipates
yeah yeah what do you do like when my
when my daughter was young she had there
you know she went through the monster
phase there was a monster and I would
tell her oh you know what monsters
really want they really want hugs m
M and so she would like hug the
monster shame is your
monster it's as real as the monster
under my daughter's
bed and you just learned how to hug
it yeah right now see now you're just
existing with it where's your shame
now it I don't like I don't feel it yeah
yeah
yeah thanks thanks for getting the the
camera and everything working that was a
pleasure thank you so much thanks so
much yeah